Currently, I'm also a model myself for several agencies. And with the amount of streams I intake per month, I need help with the things that seem little but take a lot of my time.

First, I'd like to explain my process, which is very similar to what most models have to do. Note that requests, showcases, link posting and community exchange mostly happen on agencies' discord servers or Brand Ambassador servers for specific creators.

1. Creator showcase or sponsored streams:

This is where it mostly starts, a creator announces a showcase or an agency starts a sponsored stream. A creator is a person who owns a shop.
A showcase is when a creator releases new items and lists the links for promotions OR it can also be old items. But some creators also set their shop as always open for streams, which means models can request any item from their shop at any given time. But from the showcase, the creator usually handles the gifting of the items or credits models can use to buy them themselves from the IMVU store through the product links. Some items sometimes are self-purchase only inside of a set or outfit/look the creator releases and they specify this. Creators may choose to specify how many models they are looking for or leave it open and let first models come and claim spots but requesting using request formats. Then when they've reached the numbers, creators close their showcase by sending a "Closed" image or gif.

A sponsored stream is nearly the same, except that the agency handles the gifting, and it is often held in a special agency channel. The models still have to follow the creator/shop rules but they will request from that channel.

2. A model interested will request from appropriate request channels for the items available in the showcase. Or in the case of open shops, will request an outfit they want to stream. The model will typically have to add their imvu avatar link alongside their requests for ease of gifting on the creator's side. And their ig handle for clarity.

The creator usually will check their request channels and see who requested what, and will gift accordingly. Sometimes they don't use the first come first serve basis but instead select models, so sending a request doesn't always guarantee that the creator will grant it. However, in most cases they do.

3. The creator will gift the item/items and from the moment it is gifted, depending on each creator (agencies have a not more than 7 days policy), the model will have from 2-7 days to stream.

4. The model will create IMVU feed captions, based on the agency they requested the items from (each agency has their unique caption formats for both IMVU and IG), the item's product name and IDs (as shown in the product page), the creator's IMVU avatar name (not display name), the creator's manufacturer's ID (usually provided in their rules and logos channel in the agency they are in, or set up shop in) or their imvu shop link (if it doesn't exceed the character limit of imvu captions).

5. The model will create IG feed captions, based on the same thins as what IMVU captions are based on, but they also must follow each agencies formats, use appropriate and mandatory tags from both the agency and the creator they are streaming for, the creator's IG handle and the agency's IG handle.

6. The model will go into their inventory to put the items on (only clothing items, creators don't showcase furniture for modeling, as the name suggest it is based on fashion). And they may visit the shop to style it accordingly if it isn't a full set with accessories included. They may also prepare poses, avatars (the basic idle poses and movements), and the room they will shoot pictures in.

7. The model will go inside the room they picked and take the most glitch-free pictures. The standard is one full body and one half body. With the option of taking back shots if needed (for hairstyles or other items that require certain attention at the back). But another standard (for creators that require photocontrol, and agencies who state it is mandatory) is to take 6-7 shots, different poses and some varied angles but not too drastic, and submit for photocontrol. But if there is no photcontrol required, models may skip the next step. For IMVU, they must immediately put the prepared feed captions on the pictures they shoot even if some might get denied later, as IMVU's discover feed sometimes features them and the captions are crucial for the shop's exposure.

7a. The model will access their IMVU classic album where they can download the pictures from the pictures they posted from the room. This is also accessible through phone browsers. https://www.imvu.com/photos/albums/

8. Only if photocontrol was mandatory (from creator or agency), the models will submit their pictures in the agency's/creator's photocontrol channel, sending the pictures one by one, and tagging the relevant roles at the end, mentioning the creator they stream for as well. The photocontrol team will spot glitches and select pictures. In some cases, the creators will have their own photocontrol channels in agencies and will review model pictures themselves. Then the photocontrol team/creator will react to the pictures they liked or approved from the 6-7 sent for review/approval. These will be the ones the models will post on IG later, and the ones they will keep on their IMVU feed. They will delete the others. Sometimes, all pictures are approved. More on that case will be mentioned in a step later.

9. The models will use the IMVU classic links (can be accessed through browsers on mobile as well) to access the item(s) page(s), and around the bottom there is a review section. There, they must submit a heartfelt, detailed review for the item/items they streamed. Each individual items have their own pages and hence must have their individual reviews. But some items called bundles will have several items considered as one whole, and there only one review for the bundle will be needed. This is where AI can be very handy for making sure the products get the reviews they deserve.

10. If allowed by the creator, the models may proceed to edit the approved pictures by enhancing them, upscaling or other processes they take to make it look appealing. But this is also where they will put the creator's logo (if any) and the agency's logo (if mandatory, mostly so). The image enhancement process is totally unique for each model so there is no speciic set of steps here. However, every model must make sure their edits do not alter the texture nor the color of the items. They can be given more depth but not decolorised.

11. Once edit is done, the models may proceed to post on IG. Collaborating with creator's imvu ig shop account or their own imvu ig accounts (if no shop account), and the agency they work under/BA collective they belong to. This is where they put the already drafted IG captions, and must include music and picture tags according to agency rules. The layout is typically 3 pictures in a row for one showcase. But in case of more than 3 pictures approved, they may evenly distribute them but keep the 3 in a row grid. They may also make one caroussel with every approved pictures and the other two posts may be an aesthetic spacer featuring one of the pictures.

12. The model will take notes of all the post links in a notepad (this is where this bot will come in very handy as well), and take screenshots of the reviews. They will then locate the shop's/creator's stream links channel, where they will send the IMVU links, the IG links, the Raw pictures (undedited IMVU gallery pictures) and the screenshots of their reviews, in an orderly way, usually in that respective order.

12a. If the creator states an IG story is mandatory, then the model most create one, tagging the agency and the creator and other tags required by the creator and the agency, and usually put in the product names and IDs.

13. The model may mark they stream as done by submitting under their review screenshots a simple message stating: IMVU ✨ IG ✨ Raw pictures ✨ Reviews ✨ Story ✨ (can be any other emoji or whatever the agency states should be used). This marks the end of their stream.

In conclusion, a complete stream comprises of IMVU feed posts with correct captions (the pictures must be UNEDITED and posted AS IS directly from the room it was taken), IG feed posts with the correct captions, tags and collaborations, Items reviews and raw pictures (the selected/approved ones) and a small summary. A story is often optional but mostly appreciated.